clarifying security patches (#3532)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/core-version-support.md

- **[Active](/docs/dbt-versions/core#ongoing-patches)** &mdash; We will patch regressions, new bugs, and include fixes for older bugs / quality-of-life improvements. We implement these changes when we have high confidence that they're narrowly scoped and won't cause unintended side effects.

> - **[Critical](/docs/dbt-versions/core#ongoing-patches)** &mdash; Newer minor versions transition the previous minor version into "Critical Support" with limited "security" releases for critical security and installation fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Critical](/docs/dbt-versions/core#ongoing-patches)** &mdash; When a new minor version is released, the previous minor version will move from "Active" to "Critical" support. These versions will still get smaller and less frequent patches, containing security and installation fixes.
```

> - **[End of Life](/docs/dbt-versions/core#eol-version-support)** &mdash; Minor versions that have reached EOL no longer receive new patch releases. If there's an issue with dependencies, we address this within dbt Cloud rather than through a new patch release. All dbt Core v1.0 and later are available in dbt Cloud until further notice. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **[End of Life](/docs/dbt-versions/core#eol-version-support)** &mdash; Minor versions that have reached EOL no longer receive new patch releases.
```
